Multiple msgs (#48)
logzio/logzio_aws_serverless: python3/cloudwatch/README.md

| Parameter | Description |
|---|---|
| TOKEN (Required) | The [token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/general) of the account you want to ship to. |

> | REGION | Two-letter region code, or blank for US East (Northern Virginia). This determnies your listener URL (where you're shipping the logs to) and API URL. <br> You can find your region code in the [Regions and URLs](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#regions-and-urls) table. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REGION | Two-letter region code (or blank for US East (Northern Virginia). This determines your listener host URL (where you're shipping the logs to) and API URL. <br> You can look up your region code [here](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html#regions-and-urls). |
```

Reviewer: @yyyogev WDYT

Author: let's keep this one as is.

> | URL (Deprecated) | Protocol, listener host, and port (for example, `https://<<LISTENER-HOST>>:8071`). <br > Replace `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` with your region's listener host (for example, `listener.logz.io`). For more information on finding your account's region, see [Account region](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html). <!-- logzio-inject:listener-url --> Deprecated. Use REGION instead|| TYPE (Default: `logzio_cloudwatch_lambda`) | The log type you'll use with this Lambda. This can be a [built-in log type](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/log-shipping/built-in-log-types.html), or a custom log type. <br> You should create a new Lambda for each log type you use. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL (Deprecated) | Use REGION instead. Determines protocol, listener host, and port. For example, `https://<<LISTENER-HOST>>:8071`. <br > Replace `<<LISTENER-HOST>>` with your region's listener host (for example, `listener.logz.io`). For more information on finding your account's region, see [Account region](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html). <!-- logzio-inject:listener-url --> Deprecated. |
| TYPE (Default: `logzio_cloudwatch_lambda`) | The log type you'll use with this Lambda. This can be a [type that supports default parsing](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/log-shipping/built-in-log-types.html), or a custom log type. <br> You'll need to create a new Lambda for each log type you use. |
```
